Add Ceres products to SORA docs (#225)
sora-xor/sora-docs: src/ceres/deo-arena.md

---
title: "DEO Arena | SORA Docs"
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: "DEO Arena is the first Play-To-Earn game on SORA network and one of the first in DotSama ecosystem."
  - - meta
    - name: keywords
      content: "Ceres, Demeter, DeFi, web3 gaming, play-to-earn, DEO Arena, Polkaswap, SORA network"
---

> Demeter (DEO) is the native token of Demeter farming platform and DEO Arena Web3 game. In the Ceres ecosystem, Demeter is the first airdrop with its own purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Demeter (DEO) is the native token of the Demeter farming platform and DEO Arena Web3 game. In the Ceres ecosystem, Demeter is the first self-purpose airdrop.
```

# DEO Arena

> [DEO Arena](https://deoarena.io/) is the first Play-To-Earn game on SORA network and one of the first in DotSama ecosystem. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DEO Arena](https://deoarena.io/) is the first Play-To-Earn game on the SORA network and a pioneer in the DotSama ecosystem. 
```

> In-game currency is the XOR-native token Demeter (DEO).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The in-game currency is the XOR-native token Demeter (DEO).
```

---
title: "DEO Arena | SORA Docs"
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: "DEO Arena is the first Play-To-Earn game on SORA network and one of the first in DotSama ecosystem."
  - - meta
    - name: keywords
      content: "Ceres, Demeter, DeFi, web3 gaming, play-to-earn, DEO Arena, Polkaswap, SORA network"
---

> Demeter (DEO) is the native token of the Demeter farming platform and DEO Arena Web3 game. In the Ceres ecosystem, Demeter is the first self-purpose airdrop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

# DEO Arena

[DEO Arena](https://deoarena.io/) is the first Play-To-Earn game on the SORA network and a pioneer in the DotSama ecosystem.
The in-game currency is the XOR-native token Demeter (DEO).
Players spawn in the arena and the goal is to eliminate opponents using different weapons.
Each player enters the match with a certain amount of DEO tokens, which are taken by the winner at the end.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Demeter Token (DEO)
Demeter (DEO) is the native token of the Demeter farming platform and DEO Arena Web3 game. In the Ceres ecosystem, Demeter is the first self-purpose airdrop.
```
